This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to the movie titled: Lifechanger.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
At a hotel room, Emily wakes up from a hangover.
There is a dry corpse next to her, but Emily
stays calm with it.
She looks around her body and notices a knife
wound in the stomach.
Just then, she chops the body in pieces and
puts them in some garbage bags.
Emily brings them to a local barn.
These bags are then burnt down.
She then buries the ash in a hole that she
dug before.
At a cafe, Emily practices introducing her
name and learns about herself.
While having a smoke at home, Emily is interrupted
by James, her boyfriend.
He confronts where she has been and why she
left him no texts for three days.
He had to call the police to find her.
Now that Emily has come back, James needs
to inform the police.
Knowing that the police may bring more troubles,
Emily tries to seduce James, attempting to
distract him.
However, James refuses her and insists on
calling the cops.
Emily stabs him in the neck right away with
a cork.
His body is wrapped up and hidden in the basement.
Emily quickly cleans up the blood on the floor.
Emily then intakes antibiotics and becomes
deep in thought.
The following day, Emily is disappointed knowing
that her body begins to rot.
She doesn’t expect the rot would appear
that early.
Later, a detective named Ransone knocks on
the door.
Seeing Emily at home, Ransone is surprised.
He asks to meet with James, but Emily says
he’s not with her.
Emily then invites Rasone in for a coffee.
When Emily sits next to Ransone, she suddenly
holds his hands tight.
Somehow, his body is sucked dry and the bones
are cracking.
Just then, Emily has turned into Ransone.
To get rid of the dry corpse, Ransone breaks
it into pieces with a hammer.
He then pours the petrol around the house.
Ranson runs into a delivery man at the front
door.
He takes the food without paying the man.
The delivery man warns Ransone that the house
is on fire but he just drives off the road.
On the way, Ransone reveals that he needs
to rely on antibiotics to stop the infected
tissues and cocaine to delay the rotting.
He passes by a drug dealer and takes some
drugs for himself.
Just after, Ransone snorts all of them.
Getting out of the car, Ransone pats a dog
as if they were friends long ago.
He enters a bar and looks for someone.
As he sees a young woman sitting alone, Ranson
orders a Gin and Tonic, asking the woman if
she wants one.
The woman is very surprised that Ranson knows
her only favourite drink.
Ranson makes jokes that he is a psychic.
The woman is Julia, and Ransone meant to see
her in the bar at the beginning.
The two spend the night talking and drinking
with so much fun.
While kissing, Ransone encounters acute pain
in the stomach.
He scares Julia away right after that.
It turns out Emily’s wound remains on this
new body.
This never happened to him before.
He manages to walk along the street while
holding the severe injury.
Seeing a couple talking in the car, Ransone,
using the police badge, orders the woman to
get out.
Ranson then tells the man, who is Sam, that
he has to kill him or he’ll die.
Sam fights with Ranson in the car, leaving
his fate unsure.
Later at night, Sam appears and takes a bag
out of the car.
While using the hammer to destroy the corpse
inside, his wife, Mary calls in.
He returns home with her after that.
However, the two don't get along, revealing
an unhappy relationship.
The following day, Sam is still painful in
the stomach just like Ransone experienced
last night.
He refuses to join the two children and Mary
for family breakfast, saying that he has to
work early today.
Arriving at work, Sam hits on the receptionist
named Rachel, who was also the woman in the
car with him last night.
It reveals Sam tried to harass her, but Ransone
arrived in time and saved her.
Sam begins his day as a dentist as usual.
At lunch time, Sam comes across Julia again.
He immediately gets in a taxi and asks to
follow Julia.
As the driver is a woman, she refuses his
request, saying stalking is inappropriate
and illegal.
Helpless, Sam gets out of the taxi.
He heads to the cinema and enjoys fun time
alone.
He returns home and joins his family for dinner.
Seeing the children and Mary have some jokes,
Sam only thinks about his original family
in the past before he changed from one to
another body over years.
He leaves the house and sits at the same bar.
As he predicted, Julia comes and talks to
him.
She tells him that she saw him last night
with a young girl.
Sam admits that his marriage is in trouble
and he just wants to have some new fun.
Julia reveals that she was married and had
a son.
Their boy, Taylor, died from severe illness
when he was only three.
This put a strain on their relationship for
a long time.
One night, her husband surprised her with
a romantic night.
Julia thought it would be a good chance for
the two to make up after everything.
The day after, Julia woke up and her husband
vanished without any trace.
She never gets to meet him again.
Seeing Julia cry, Sam buys her another drink,
trying to comfort her.
In the toilet, Sam finds that his body begins
to rot.
He says goodbye to Julia and goes to a motel
alone.
He intakes some coke again.
As he wakes up, he realizes the blisters appear
half of his body.
He must seek out a new host in order to aid
him on a mission of survival as soon as possible.
He calls Rachel saying that he does not feel
so well.
He wants to apologize to Rachel about last
night.
Rachel shows up at the motel.
She reluctantly knocks on the door.
Before entering, she warns her boss that she’ll
leave if he did the same thing as last night.
Rachel sees Sam lying on the bed and has no
reaction.
She slowly approaches to check on him.
Within several minutes, Sam is now turned
to Rachel’s body.
She takes some antibiotics and looks at the
sucked corpse on the bed.
The following day, Rachel collects the bags
and burns them down at the barn, exactly as
what Emily did earlier.
Rachel is caught by a woman.
She quickly drives off to the workplace and
takes some more antibiotics jars.
Coming home, Rachel intakes more pills, hoping
to last longer in this new host body.
At night, she drives to the bar again and
pats the dog friend.
Rachel enters the bar and approaches Julia
right away.
Julia can recognize Rachel from the night
she was with Sam.
Julia says that she has a good memory of faces,
even random ones.
The two have so much in common, and it brings
them to a very fun lady night.
Julia then gives Rachel her card so she can
find and talk to her anytime.
Later, Rachel ignores a man who tries to hit
on her and eyes on Julia, who meets up with
an artist man in the bar.
Just then, Rachel sees her on TV for being
the main suspect of the breaking in the barn.
Rachel leaves the bar with the talkative man.
The two have some fun and coke after that.
As the man gets high and turns violent, Rachel
fights him back.
She then chases and stabs him to death.
Seeing the cops arrive at the building, Rachel
immediately runs away.
She ends up hiding in an abandoned house and
stays overnight there.
The next morning, Rachel wakes up and sees
the skin rotten.
However, she needs to spy on Julia and the
man in the bar last night.
When the two of them say goodbye, Rachel follows
the man to his house.
Jealous, Rachel then shows up at the man’s
door and soon hosts inside the man.
He is Robert, a writer.
Next, Robert makes a phone call and confesses
his feelings to Julia.
He wants to see her again at Julia’s place
tonight.
That night, the two set up a very romantic
date.
Julia admits that there is something very
familiar about Robert, but she can't explain.
As the two have some fun, Julia touches on
Robert’s wound, which remains from his previous
hosts.
He ignores it and brings her to a passionate
night, which Robert has waited for so long.
The two later fall in love and become a loving
couple.
Robert later returns to his house and handles
the body that he hid earlier.
One morning, Julia sees the news about the
mysterious death of six people in town.
Robert wants to change the channel, advising
Julia not to watch this depressing news.
She becomes emotionals and tells Robert that
they are strangely ones that she talked to
in the bar.
Robert embraces and tells Julia that he won’t
let anything bad happen to her.
At night, Robert sees blisters on his hand
and suddenly has pain in the abdomen again.
A moment later, he walks out and decides to
confess everything to Julia.
He tells Julia that he is Drew, a life changer.
He doesn’t know what he is and if there
are more in the world like him.
What he does know is that he accidentally
took over his mother’s body, thus killing
her and also any life lessons she may have
imparted since 1954.
He never cares for the people’s lives he
destroys.
It’s a simple matter of kill-or-die.
Each time he drains life from someone, he
takes everything they have.
Julia thinks Robert is out of mind and wants
to leave him.
Drew reveals that Julia’s husband, who abandoned
her in the past, is actually him.
Although he keeps changing to other people,
his love for her never changes.
Julia freaks out at what Drew just said.
She draws a taser and attacks Drew on the
floor.
Drew holds Julia’s hands to stop her and
accidentally drains her body.
In the last scene, Drew, who is now Julia,
cries over her dry body, saying sorry for
what he has done.
Several days later, Drew finally accepts his
fate and literally lays down to die.
Strangely enough, he is instead reborn.
He finds himself in the shape of a fully grey-haired
man.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!